A place to store examples of my work.  Starting with my HLS segmenter.

HLS Segmenter: streamer.php

HTTP Live streaming was a new technology when I first wrote this script, and there weren't many ready-made tools available for it at the time.  There were about 200 videos that needed to be processed in the initial load, and I needed a way to automate creating the HLS segments at each resolution in addition to the M3U8 playlists. An MP4 suitable for progressive download was also required for as a fallback for devices which did not support HLS.  The files created were then uploaded to Amazon S3, and distributed through Amazon CloudFront.

S3 client: s3 module and AWS libraries
A web based S3 client originally built for Drupal6.  The intended use of this application was to replace an older filesharing module at a time when local storage was limited.  Direct access to the AWS console was not an option.  The application is separated into two core components.  One being the libraries which talk to S3 directly, and the other a Drupal module which makes calls back to these libraries on behalf of the end user.  The Drupal module its self consists of the backend routines and function calls which define operation of the application in addition to providing the structure used by the client side jQuery code.  The jQuery code creates a file browser which is used to download files from the web site as if they were stored locally, and an uploader used by content managers to upload new files and other media.  The uploader posts to S3 directly without interim local storage on the web server.  An integration with plupload was also done in order to allow for multi-file uploads.